Initial LSS release notes for v6.8 (#36160)
mantidproject/mantid: docs/source/release/v6.8.0/reflectometry.rst

New Features
------------

> - The ``MagnetismReflectometryReduction`` algorithm now has an option allowing the return of empty reflectivity curves.

Reviewer: This algorithm should probably have some documentation as maintenance. Issue made #36161

- The :ref:`Preview tab <refl_preview>` now matches rows in the :ref:`Experiment tab<refl_exp_instrument_settings>` lookup table by checking both run angle and title. Mantid will also no longer crash if a reduction is triggered on the :ref:`Preview tab <refl_preview>` when no run has been loaded.
- ROI Detector IDs that have been entered into the :ref:`Experiment Settings tab<refl_exp_instrument_settings>` lookup table should now be picked up when reducing a run on the :ref:`Preview tab <refl_preview>` with no region selected from the instrument view plot.
- The row state on the :ref:`Runs tab <refl_runs>` is now reset when settings are updated in the :ref:`Experiment Settings tab<refl_exp_instrument_settings>` lookup table by using the Apply button on the :ref:`Preview tab <refl_preview>`.
- :ref:`algm-ReflectometryReductionOneAuto` no longer throws an error when attempting to run a reduction that applies both a background subtraction and a polarization correction.

> - Corrects the Q resolution calculation for the custom and TXT file formats output by :ref:`algm-SaveReflectometryAscii` so that it matches the calculation described in the documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Q resolution calculation for the custom and TXT file formats output by :ref:`algm-SaveReflectometryAscii` has been corrected so that it matches the calculation described in the documentation.
```
I think the tense needs adjusting here.
